OUR SHOW. >>> WE BEGIN WITH BREAKING NEWS.
>>> WE BEGIN WITH BREAKING NEWS. DONALD TRUMP’S TAX RECORDS
DONALD TRUMP’S TAX RECORDS REVEAL FRAUD AND SCHEMES TO DUCK
REVEAL FRAUD AND SCHEMES TO DUCK TAXES ON A MASSIVE LONG-TERM
TAXES ON A MASSIVE LONG-TERM SCALE.
SCALE. THAT IS THE HEADLINE FROM A
THAT IS THE HEADLINE FROM A MASSIVE, EXHAUSTIVE, DETAILED
MASSIVE, EXHAUSTIVE, DETAILED INVESTIGATIVE REPORT THAT "THE
INVESTIGATIVE REPORT THAT "THE NEW YORK TIMES" JUST DROPPED ON
NEW YORK TIMES" JUST DROPPED ON THE POLITICAL WORLD TONIGHT.
THE POLITICAL WORLD TONIGHT. WE’RE TALKING HERE ABOUT THE
WE’RE TALKING HERE ABOUT THE CORE OF DONALD TRUMP’S WEALTH
CORE OF DONALD TRUMP’S WEALTH AND POLITICAL APPEAL.
AND POLITICAL APPEAL. BECAUSE HE’S ALWAYS ARGUED,
BECAUSE HE’S ALWAYS ARGUED, ABOVE ALL ELSE, BEFORE
ABOVE ALL ELSE, BEFORE EVERYTHING ELSE, HE IS, HE SAYS,
EVERYTHING ELSE, HE IS, HE SAYS, A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN.
A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESSMAN. BUT THESE JOURNALISTS GOT AHOLD
BUT THESE JOURNALISTS GOT AHOLD OF OVER 100,000 PAGES OF
OF OVER 100,000 PAGES OF DOCUMENTS.
DOCUMENTS. THEY FOUND DUBIOUS TAX SCHEMES
THEY FOUND DUBIOUS TAX SCHEMES AND, QUOTE, OUTRIGHT FRAUD.
AND, QUOTE, OUTRIGHT FRAUD. THE WHITE HOUSE IS ALREADY
THE WHITE HOUSE IS ALREADY PUSHING BACK ON THIS BIG STORY
PUSHING BACK ON THIS BIG STORY AT THIS HOUR.
AT THIS HOUR. MORE ON THAT IN A FEW MOMENTS.
MORE ON THAT IN A FEW MOMENTS. BUT THIS IS SIGNIFICANT APART
BUT THIS IS SIGNIFICANT APART FROM EVERYTHING ELSE THAT IS
FROM EVERYTHING ELSE THAT IS CONTROVERSIAL ABOUT TRUMP.
CONTROVERSIAL ABOUT TRUMP. APART FROM HIS LIES OR HIS
APART FROM HIS LIES OR HIS DISTRACTION TWEETS OR HIS
DISTRACTION TWEETS OR HIS CONSTANT INSULTS OF ALL SORTS OF
CONSTANT INSULTS OF ALL SORTS OF PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. THIS IS A STORY THAT POTENTIALLY
THIS IS A STORY THAT POTENTIALLY UNDERCUTS THE THING THAT TRUMP
UNDERCUTS THE THING THAT TRUMP SUPPORTERS SAY THEY’VE ALWAYS
SUPPORTERS SAY THEY’VE ALWAYS LIKED ABOUT HIM.
LIKED ABOUT HIM. THE IDEA.
THE IDEA. THE BELIEF.
THE BELIEF. AND MAYBE THE MASSIVE CON.
AND MAYBE THE MASSIVE CON. THAT HE IS A SELF-MADE
THAT HE IS A SELF-MADE BILLIONAIRE.
BILLIONAIRE. LET’S GO OVER THE DETAILS BEFORE
LET’S GO OVER THE DETAILS BEFORE WE GET TO SOME INCREDIBLE
WE GET TO SOME INCREDIBLE EXPERTS ON THIS.
EXPERTS ON THIS. REPORTERS EXAMINE BANK
REPORTERS EXAMINE BANK STATEMENTS, AUDITS, OVER 200 TAX
STATEMENTS, AUDITS, OVER 200 TAX RETURNS.
RETURNS. NOT JUST FROM TRUMP, ALSO FROM
NOT JUST FROM TRUMP, ALSO FROM HIS FATHER, FROM HIS COMPANIES,
HIS FATHER, FROM HIS COMPANIES, WHICH ARE BYZANTINE, AND OTHER
WHICH ARE BYZANTINE, AND OTHER TRUMP ENTITIES.
TRUMP ENTITIES. WHAT THEY SHOW IN THIS REPORT
WHAT THEY SHOW IN THIS REPORT WHICH I THINK YOU’RE GOING TO BE
WHICH I THINK YOU’RE GOING TO BE HEARING ABOUT FOR A WHILE IS
HEARING ABOUT FOR A WHILE IS THAT TRUMP WAS HELPING HIS OWN
THAT TRUMP WAS HELPING HIS OWN FAMILY, HIS PARENTS, DODGE
FAMILY, HIS PARENTS, DODGE TAXES, THROUGH QUOTE A SHAM
TAXES, THROUGH QUOTE A SHAM CORPORATION THAT WAS EXPLICITLY
CORPORATION THAT WAS EXPLICITLY DESIGNED TO HIDE MILLIONS OF
DESIGNED TO HIDE MILLIONS OF DOLLARS, SOMETIMES IN GIFTS, AND
DOLLARS, SOMETIMES IN GIFTS, AND THEN TAKE IMPROPER TAX
THEN TAKE IMPROPER TAX DEDUCTIONS WORTH MILLIONS MORE.
DEDUCTIONS WORTH MILLIONS MORE. AND THEN PUT TOGETHER A SCHEME
AND THEN PUT TOGETHER A SCHEME TO UNDERVALUE, AGAIN GOING BACK
TO UNDERVALUE, AGAIN GOING BACK TO MOM AND DAD’S MONEY, HIS
TO MOM AND DAD’S MONEY, HIS PARENTS’ REAL ESTATE BY HUNDREDS
PARENTS’ REAL ESTATE BY HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS ACCUMULATIVELY IN THESE RETURNS,
ACCUMULATIVELY IN THESE RETURNS, WHICH WOULD REDUCE THE TAX BILL
WHICH WOULD REDUCE THE TAX BILL THAT THEY’D PAY, THEN WHEN IT
THAT THEY’D PAY, THEN WHEN IT PASSED TO THE FAMILY
PASSED TO THE FAMILY INHERITANCE.
INHERITANCE. "THE NEW YORK TIMES," WHICH HAS
"THE NEW YORK TIMES," WHICH HAS TAKEN A BIG SWING HERE, FINDS
TAKEN A BIG SWING HERE, FINDS THAT ALL TOLD, TRUMP EFFECTIVELY
THAT ALL TOLD, TRUMP EFFECTIVELY GOT THE BONUS EQUIVALENT OF AT
GOT THE BONUS EQUIVALENT OF AT LEAST FOR 413 MILLION IN TODAY’S
LEAST FOR 413 MILLION IN TODAY’S MONEY ALL OF A THIS AND THAT
MONEY ALL OF A THIS AND THAT UNDERCUTS THE KEY CLAIM THAT
UNDERCUTS THE KEY CLAIM THAT DONALD TRUMP SAYS HE’S HE’S MADE
DONALD TRUMP SAYS HE’S HE’S MADE HIS OWN FORTUNE.
HIS OWN FORTUNE. >> IT’S NOT AN EASY FOR ME.
>> IT’S NOT AN EASY FOR ME. I STARTED OFF IN BROOKLYN.
I STARTED OFF IN BROOKLYN. MY FATHER GAVE ME A SMALL LOAN
MY FATHER GAVE ME A SMALL LOAN OF $1 MILLION.
OF $1 MILLION. I CAME INTO MANHATTAN AND I HAD
I CAME INTO MANHATTAN AND I HAD TO PAY HIM BACK WITH INTEREST.
TO PAY HIM BACK WITH INTEREST. >> HAD TO PAY HIM BACK FOR $1
>> HAD TO PAY HIM BACK FOR $1 MILLION.
MILLION. IN A NEW STATEMENT DONALD
IN A NEW STATEMENT DONALD TRUMP’S LAWYER IS CALLING THIS
TRUMP’S LAWYER IS CALLING THIS STORY 100% FALSE AND HIGHLY
STORY 100% FALSE AND HIGHLY DEFAMATORY.
DEFAMATORY. JOHN HARWOOD, CNBC’S EDITOR
JOHN HARWOOD, CNBC’S EDITOR LARGE, BILL KRISTOL, FOUNDER AND
LARGE, BILL KRISTOL, FOUNDER AND EDITOR AT LARGE OF "THE WEEKLY
EDITOR AT LARGE OF "THE WEEKLY STANDARD."
STANDARD." THE BIG OUTLINES WHAT WAS THIS
THE BIG OUTLINES WHAT WAS THIS IS, THEN WHAT IT DOES.
IS, THEN WHAT IT DOES. JOHN HARWOOD, WHAT ELSE CAN YOU
JOHN HARWOOD, WHAT ELSE CAN YOU TELL US TO HELP US UNDERSTAND
TELL US TO HELP US UNDERSTAND WHAT THE SCHEME WAS?
WHAT THE SCHEME WAS? >> ESSENTIALLY, ARI, WHAT THE
>> ESSENTIALLY, ARI, WHAT THE STORY LAYS OUT IS THE TRANSFER
STORY LAYS OUT IS THE TRANSFER OF VAST AMOUNTS OF MONEY FROM
OF VAST AMOUNTS OF MONEY FROM FRED TRUMP, HIS FATHER, TO
FRED TRUMP, HIS FATHER, TO DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. OTHER KIDS AS WELL.
OTHER KIDS AS WELL. BUT DONALD TRUMP WAS ESPECIALLY
BUT DONALD TRUMP WAS ESPECIALLY TAKEN CARE OF.
TAKEN CARE OF. IT INCLUDES GETTING THOUSANDS OF
IT INCLUDES GETTING THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS BEGINNING WHEN HE WAS A
DOLLARS BEGINNING WHEN HE WAS A KID, THE MILLION DOLLARS BY THE
KID, THE MILLION DOLLARS BY THE TIME -- A YEAR BY THE TIME HE
TIME -- A YEAR BY THE TIME HE GRADUATED FROM COLLEGE.
GRADUATED FROM COLLEGE. AND THE MOST SIGNIFICANT THINGS
AND THE MOST SIGNIFICANT THINGS LATER IN LIFE HAVE TO DO WITH
LATER IN LIFE HAVE TO DO WITH THE WAYS IN WHICH THE TRUMP
THE WAYS IN WHICH THE TRUMP FAMILY EVADED ESTATE TAXES BY
FAMILY EVADED ESTATE TAXES BY MESSING WITH THE VALUATIONS OF
MESSING WITH THE VALUATIONS OF PROPERTIES THAT FRED TRUMP
PROPERTIES THAT FRED TRUMP PASSED ON TO HIS KIDS SO AS TO
PASSED ON TO HIS KIDS SO AS TO AVOID --
AVOID -- >> WHEN YOU SAY MESSING WITH THE
>> WHEN YOU SAY MESSING WITH THE VALUATIONS, IS THAT WHAT NORMAL
VALUATIONS, IS THAT WHAT NORMAL PEOPLE WOULD CALL LYING ABOUT
PEOPLE WOULD CALL LYING ABOUT YOUR MONEY?
YOUR MONEY? >> WELL, "THE TIMES" SAYS THAT
>> WELL, "THE TIMES" SAYS THAT IN MANY CASES THIS INVOLVED
IN MANY CASES THIS INVOLVED OUTRIGHT FRAUD.
OUTRIGHT FRAUD. I THINK THEY DON’T MAKE THAT
I THINK THEY DON’T MAKE THAT STATEMENT LIKELY, YOU HAD
STATEMENT LIKELY, YOU HAD MULTIPLE REPORTERS
MULTIPLE REPORTERS INVESTIGATING.
INVESTIGATING. BUT IT HAD THE EFFECT OF
BUT IT HAD THE EFFECT OF SHRINKING THE ESTATE TAX BILL
SHRINKING THE ESTATE TAX BILL FOR FRED TRUMP’S ESTATE FROM
FOR FRED TRUMP’S ESTATE FROM MORE THAN $500 MILLION TO ABOUT
MORE THAN $500 MILLION TO ABOUT $50 MILLION.
$50 MILLION. THE SECOND THING THAT HAPPENED
THE SECOND THING THAT HAPPENED WAS THAT THERE WERE WAYS IN
WAS THAT THERE WERE WAYS IN WHICH HE WAS SHOVELING MONEY TO
WHICH HE WAS SHOVELING MONEY TO DONALD TRUMP, PUTTING BIG BETS
DONALD TRUMP, PUTTING BIG BETS IN A TRUMP CASINO WITHOUT
IN A TRUMP CASINO WITHOUT PLACING ANY BETS AS A WAY OF
PLACING ANY BETS AS A WAY OF GETTING LAST-MINUTE CASH TO
GETTING LAST-MINUTE CASH TO DONALD TRUMP THAT HE CREATED A
DONALD TRUMP THAT HE CREATED A SHELL COMPANY TO INFLATE
SHELL COMPANY TO INFLATE INVOICES FOR THE TRUMP REAL
INVOICES FOR THE TRUMP REAL ESTATE EMPIRE AND MADE HIS
ESTATE EMPIRE AND MADE HIS CHILDREN THE BENEFICIARIES OF
CHILDREN THE BENEFICIARIES OF THE PROFITS OF THAT SHELL
THE PROFITS OF THAT SHELL COMPANY.
COMPANY. SO THAT IT WAS A WAY OF GETTING
SO THAT IT WAS A WAY OF GETTING MONEY TO THEM WITHOUT INCURRING
MONEY TO THEM WITHOUT INCURRING INCOME TAX LIABILITY.
INCOME TAX LIABILITY. IT IS A WIDE RANGE OF POTENTIAL
IT IS A WIDE RANGE OF POTENTIAL FRAUD THERE.
FRAUD THERE. AND I WANT TO MENTION TWO THINGS
AND I WANT TO MENTION TWO THINGS ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. ONE, WE BELIEVE THAT THERE ARE
ONE, WE BELIEVE THAT THERE ARE STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON POTENTIAL CRIMINAL CHARGES, BUT
POTENTIAL CRIMINAL CHARGES, BUT THERE’S CIVIL LIABILITY IF NEW
THERE’S CIVIL LIABILITY IF NEW YORK STATE TAX AUTHORITIES
YORK STATE TAX AUTHORITIES DECIDE TO PROSECUTE.
DECIDE TO PROSECUTE. OR TO PURSUE THEM.
OR TO PURSUE THEM. AT A MUCH EARLIER PERIOD, NEW
AT A MUCH EARLIER PERIOD, NEW YORK STATE AUTHORITIES WANTED TO
YORK STATE AUTHORITIES WANTED TO TREAT DONALD TRUMP VERY WELL.
TREAT DONALD TRUMP VERY WELL. IT WAS A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL
IT WAS A MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL ARRANGEMENT.
ARRANGEMENT. THEY DON’T FEEL THAT WAY RIGHT
THEY DON’T FEEL THAT WAY RIGHT NOW, SO THAT’S POTENTIALLY
NOW, SO THAT’S POTENTIALLY SIGNIFICANT.
SIGNIFICANT. >> I APPRECIATE YOU RAISING IT.
>> I APPRECIATE YOU RAISING IT. WE’VE HIT THAT ON THE SHOW, AND
WE’VE HIT THAT ON THE SHOW, AND HIT THE FACT, AND BILL AND I
HIT THE FACT, AND BILL AND I TALKED ABOUT IT, A LOT OF
TALKED ABOUT IT, A LOT OF DEMOCRATIC OFFICE HOLDERS IN NEW
DEMOCRATIC OFFICE HOLDERS IN NEW YORK COZIED UP TO TRUMP WHEN HE
YORK COZIED UP TO TRUMP WHEN HE WAS JUST ANOTHER BUSINESSMAN,
WAS JUST ANOTHER BUSINESSMAN, AND THE QUESTION THAT I THINK
AND THE QUESTION THAT I THINK NORMAL PEOPLE SAY WHEN YOU HEAR
NORMAL PEOPLE SAY WHEN YOU HEAR THIS WAIT A MINUTE, WAS EVERYONE
THIS WAIT A MINUTE, WAS EVERYONE ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL?
ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL? IF ALL THIS IS DOCUMENTED YEAR
IF ALL THIS IS DOCUMENTED YEAR AFTER YEAR AND IT STAYED IN
AFTER YEAR AND IT STAYED IN FEDERAL?
FEDERAL? THE ANSWER IS, YEAH, A LOT OF
THE ANSWER IS, YEAH, A LOT OF PEOPLE WENT ALONG WITH THAT
PEOPLE WENT ALONG WITH THAT CORRUPTION, WHICH I THINK IS BAD
CORRUPTION, WHICH I THINK IS BAD FOR BOTH PARTIES.
FOR BOTH PARTIES. YOU STAY, JOHN.
YOU STAY, JOHN. I’M GOING TO MOT RATE MY WAY TO
I’M GOING TO MOT RATE MY WAY TO THE OTHER GUEST AND COME BACK TO
THE OTHER GUEST AND COME BACK TO YOU.
YOU. BILL, MORE FROM THE PIECE FOR
BILL, MORE FROM THE PIECE FOR YOUR ANALYSIS ON THE POLITICS OF
YOUR ANALYSIS ON THE POLITICS OF SOMEONE WHO SAYS, I DID THIS ALL
SOMEONE WHO SAYS, I DID THIS ALL MYSELF.
MYSELF. THE PRESIDENT’S PARENTS, FRED
THE PRESIDENT’S PARENTS, FRED AND MARY TRUMP, "THE TIMES"
AND MARY TRUMP, "THE TIMES" REPORTS, TRANSFERRED OVER $1
REPORTS, TRANSFERRED OVER $1 BILLION OF WEALTH TO THEIR
BILLION OF WEALTH TO THEIR CHILDREN WHICH COULD HAVE
CHILDREN WHICH COULD HAVE PRODUCED A TAX BILL OF AT LEAST
PRODUCED A TAX BILL OF AT LEAST $550 MILLION UNDER THE 55% RATE
$550 MILLION UNDER THE 55% RATE BUT THE TRUMPS ACTUALLY PAID
BUT THE TRUMPS ACTUALLY PAID ABOUT 5%, TAX RECORDS SHOW.
ABOUT 5%, TAX RECORDS SHOW. BEFORE YOU EVEN GET TO DUCKING
BEFORE YOU EVEN GET TO DUCKING FEDERAL TAXES, WHICH SOME PEOPLE
FEDERAL TAXES, WHICH SOME PEOPLE AND CERTAINLY SOME REPUBLICANS
AND CERTAINLY SOME REPUBLICANS SAY, WELL, HEY, I DON’T LIKE
SAY, WELL, HEY, I DON’T LIKE TAXES.
TAXES. HOW ABOUT THE NOTION THAT THIS
HOW ABOUT THE NOTION THAT THIS GUY RAN FOR OFFICE AND RAN
GUY RAN FOR OFFICE AND RAN AROUND THE PRIMARIES SAYING
AROUND THE PRIMARIES SAYING THESE ARE ALL PHONY POLITICIANS,
THESE ARE ALL PHONY POLITICIANS, I’M SELF-MADE.
I’M SELF-MADE. I GOT 1 MILLION.
I GOT 1 MILLION. A MILLION TO A BILL SEEMS LIKE A
A MILLION TO A BILL SEEMS LIKE A BIG DIFFERENCE.
BIG DIFFERENCE. >> I SPENT THE WHOLE PRIMARY
>> I SPENT THE WHOLE PRIMARY SEASON THINKING TRUMP
SEASON THINKING TRUMP UNIVERSITY -- THERE’S SO MANY
UNIVERSITY -- THERE’S SO MANY FRAUDS, I DON’T USE THE TERM
FRAUDS, I DON’T USE THE TERM LEGALLY BUT IN A COMMONSENSE WAY
LEGALLY BUT IN A COMMONSENSE WAY THAT HE WAS INVOLVED IN,
THAT HE WAS INVOLVED IN, DECEPTIONS AND UNSAVORY BUSINESS
DECEPTIONS AND UNSAVORY BUSINESS PRACTICES THAT ONE THOUGHT THAT
PRACTICES THAT ONE THOUGHT THAT WOULD HAVE DAMAGED HIM IN THE
WOULD HAVE DAMAGED HIM IN THE PRIMARIES.
PRIMARIES. MAYBE IT DID A TINY BIT.
MAYBE IT DID A TINY BIT. BUT VOTERS DIDN’T SEEM TO CARE
BUT VOTERS DIDN’T SEEM TO CARE MUCH.
MUCH. I GUESS THE QUESTION IS, THEY
I GUESS THE QUESTION IS, THEY MIGHT LOOK AT THIS AND YOUR
MIGHT LOOK AT THIS AND YOUR POINT ABOUT SO MANY BUSINESSMEN
POINT ABOUT SO MANY BUSINESSMEN BEING TREATED THIS WAY BY NEW
BEING TREATED THIS WAY BY NEW YORK STATE AUTHORITIES, WHAT IS
YORK STATE AUTHORITIES, WHAT IS IT THAT’S SAID, THE ORIGIN OF
IT THAT’S SAID, THE ORIGIN OF EVERY GREAT FORTUNE IS A CRIME.
EVERY GREAT FORTUNE IS A CRIME. YOU WONDER IF YOU TURN OVER THE
YOU WONDER IF YOU TURN OVER THE ROCK, HOW MANY WOULD BE -- THIS
ROCK, HOW MANY WOULD BE -- THIS SEEMS A LITTLE EXCEPTIONAL, I
SEEMS A LITTLE EXCEPTIONAL, I WOULD SAY, NOT TO SOUND LIKE
WOULD SAY, NOT TO SOUND LIKE SOME SOCIALIST OR SOMETHING, BUT
SOME SOCIALIST OR SOMETHING, BUT YOU DO -- IT IS A CERTAIN SIDE
YOU DO -- IT IS A CERTAIN SIDE OF AMERICAN CAPITALISM THAT ONE
OF AMERICAN CAPITALISM THAT ONE ISN’T PROUD OF.
ISN’T PROUD OF. FOR ME THE BIG STORY IS, YOU
FOR ME THE BIG STORY IS, YOU KNOW, PEOPLE MIGHT HAVE
KNOW, PEOPLE MIGHT HAVE ACCUMULATED THEIR FORTUNES IN
ACCUMULATED THEIR FORTUNES IN UNSAVORY WAYS, WHAT ABOUT TODAY?
UNSAVORY WAYS, WHAT ABOUT TODAY? WHAT ABOUT WHAT HE’S DOING AS
WHAT ABOUT WHAT HE’S DOING AS PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? HAS HE SEVERED HIS TIES WITH THE
HAS HE SEVERED HIS TIES WITH THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION?
TRUMP ORGANIZATION? >> NO.
>> NO. >> DOESN’T SEEM SO.
>> DOESN’T SEEM SO. HAS HE RELEASED HIS CURRENT TAX
HAS HE RELEASED HIS CURRENT TAX RETURNS?
RETURNS? LET’S NOT GO BACK 20 YEARS, TO
LET’S NOT GO BACK 20 YEARS, TO HIS FATHER.
HIS FATHER. ACTUAL REALITY?
ACTUAL REALITY? THERE REMAINS GREAT
THERE REMAINS GREAT VULNERABILITY FOR TRUMP.
VULNERABILITY FOR TRUMP. >> I WANT TO BE CLEAR.
>> I WANT TO BE CLEAR. YOU’RE A GUEST AND YOU’LL TAKE
YOU’RE A GUEST AND YOU’LL TAKE WHATEVER POSITION YOU TAKE.
WHATEVER POSITION YOU TAKE. IN MY LINE OF QUESTIONING, I AM
IN MY LINE OF QUESTIONING, I AM QUESTIONING HIS LATE FATHER, I
QUESTIONING HIS LATE FATHER, I AM QUESTIONING THE WAY THAT THIS
AM QUESTIONING THE WAY THAT THIS INDIVIDUAL TOOK SO MUCH MONEY
INDIVIDUAL TOOK SO MUCH MONEY FROM HIS OPEN PARENTS AND,
FROM HIS OPEN PARENTS AND, ACCORDING TO THE "TIMES," HAS
ACCORDING TO THE "TIMES," HAS BEEN LYING ABOUT IT, JOHN
BEEN LYING ABOUT IT, JOHN HARWOOD.
HARWOOD. BECAUSE IT’S PART OF EITHER HIS
BECAUSE IT’S PART OF EITHER HIS NATURAL TICK, BECAUSE HE WAS
NATURAL TICK, BECAUSE HE WAS LIKE THIS LONG BEFORE HE WAS A
LIKE THIS LONG BEFORE HE WAS A CANDIDATE, AND BECAUSE HE
CANDIDATE, AND BECAUSE HE RECOGNIZED THIS WAS HIS KEY
RECOGNIZED THIS WAS HIS KEY POINT OF APPEAL TO FOLKS WHO
POINT OF APPEAL TO FOLKS WHO SAID, I MAY NOT LIKE THIS, THAT,
SAID, I MAY NOT LIKE THIS, THAT, BUT I LOVE THAT HE’S A SELF-MADE
BUT I LOVE THAT HE’S A SELF-MADE GUY WHO CAN DO FOR AMERICA WHAT
GUY WHO CAN DO FOR AMERICA WHAT HE DID FOR TRUMP ORG.
HE DID FOR TRUMP ORG. WELL, THAT WOULD BE, ACCORDING
WELL, THAT WOULD BE, ACCORDING TO THIS CALCULUS THAT WOULD BE
TO THIS CALCULUS THAT WOULD BE GETTING GREAT BRITAIN TO GIVE US
GETTING GREAT BRITAIN TO GIVE US A BUNCH OF MONEY IF HE’S GOING
A BUNCH OF MONEY IF HE’S GOING TO DO FOR AMERICA WHAT HE DID
TO DO FOR AMERICA WHAT HE DID FOR HIMSELF.
FOR HIMSELF. >> WELL, WHAT I WOULD SAY, ARI,
>> WELL, WHAT I WOULD SAY, ARI, IS THAT THE NOTION OF DONALD
IS THAT THE NOTION OF DONALD TRUMP AS A SELF-MADE BILLIONAIRE
TRUMP AS A SELF-MADE BILLIONAIRE WAS FOUNDATIONAL TO HIS RISE IN
WAS FOUNDATIONAL TO HIS RISE IN POLITIC
POLITIC POLITICS.
POLITICS. BUT I DO THINK THAT ONCE HE
BUT I DO THINK THAT ONCE HE BECAME A PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE,
BECAME A PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE, BILL MENTIONS THE TRUMP
BILL MENTIONS THE TRUMP UNIVERSITY.
UNIVERSITY. IT HAS BEEN WIDELY KNOWN THAT
IT HAS BEEN WIDELY KNOWN THAT THERE WERE SOME SHADY BUSINESS
THERE WERE SOME SHADY BUSINESS PRACTICES AROUND DONALD TRUMP
PRACTICES AROUND DONALD TRUMP EVEN DURING THE CAMPAIGN AND
EVEN DURING THE CAMPAIGN AND SINCE THEN.
SINCE THEN. A LOT OF CASH TRANSACTIONS FOR
A LOT OF CASH TRANSACTIONS FOR REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE. PEOPLE, A MAJORITY OF AMERICAN
PEOPLE, A MAJORITY OF AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE CONSIDERED TRUMP
PEOPLE HAVE CONSIDERED TRUMP DISHONEST THROUGHOUT HIS
DISHONEST THROUGHOUT HIS PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. I THINK MORE RECENTLY HIS
I THINK MORE RECENTLY HIS POLITICAL APPEAL IS GROUNDED IN
POLITICAL APPEAL IS GROUNDED IN HIS CHOICE OF ENEMIES.
HIS CHOICE OF ENEMIES. THE PEOPLE HE GOES AFTER.
THE PEOPLE HE GOES AFTER. GOING AFTER IMMIGRANTS, GOING
GOING AFTER IMMIGRANTS, GOING AFTER AFRICAN-AMERICAN ATHLETES,
AFTER AFRICAN-AMERICAN ATHLETES, PROTESTING RACIAL INJUSTICE.
PROTESTING RACIAL INJUSTICE. SO I’M NOT SAYING THAT THIS
SO I’M NOT SAYING THAT THIS ISN’T GOING TO HAVE SOME IMPACT,
ISN’T GOING TO HAVE SOME IMPACT, BUT I’M NOT SURE HOW GREAT OF AN
BUT I’M NOT SURE HOW GREAT OF AN IMPACT IT WILL HAVE.
IMPACT IT WILL HAVE. I WILL MENTION ONE OTHER
I WILL MENTION ONE OTHER VULNERABILITY.
VULNERABILITY. ONE PERSON WHO APPEARS IN THIS
ONE PERSON WHO APPEARS IN THIS STORY AT SOME OF THE CRITICAL
STORY AT SOME OF THE CRITICAL EVENTS IS ALAN WEISSELBERG,
EVENTS IS ALAN WEISSELBERG, LONG-TIME BUSINESS MANAGER OF
LONG-TIME BUSINESS MANAGER OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. HE IS COOPERATING WITH THE
HE IS COOPERATING WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND HAS IN THE INVESTIGATION OF
AND HAS IN THE INVESTIGATION OF MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. IF THERE IS GOING TO BE ANY
IF THERE IS GOING TO BE ANY CURRENT INVESTIGATION THAT
CURRENT INVESTIGATION THAT REACHES BACK INTO THE ORIGINS OF
REACHES BACK INTO THE ORIGINS OF THE TRUMP FORTUNE, ALAN
THE TRUMP FORTUNE, ALAN WEISSELBERG MAY KNOW A LOT ABOUT
WEISSELBERG MAY KNOW A LOT ABOUT IT AND MAY BE IN A POSITION TO
IT AND MAY BE IN A POSITION TO HURT DONALD TRUMP BY SHARING
HURT DONALD TRUMP BY SHARING INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. >> A KEY SOURCE.
>> A KEY SOURCE. BILL KRISTOL, BEFORE I TURN TO
BILL KRISTOL, BEFORE I TURN TO TONY SCHWARTZ, COAUTHOR OF "THE
TONY SCHWARTZ, COAUTHOR OF "THE DEAL" FOR MORE CONTEXT, YOU
DEAL" FOR MORE CONTEXT, YOU MENTIONED TRUMP UNIVERSITY.
MENTIONED TRUMP UNIVERSITY. WHICH WAS A BUSINESS THAT MADE
WHICH WAS A BUSINESS THAT MADE ITS MONEY GIVING BUSINESS ADVICE
ITS MONEY GIVING BUSINESS ADVICE AND WENT OUT OF BUSINESS.
AND WENT OUT OF BUSINESS. I WONDER WHETHER THERE’S AN
I WONDER WHETHER THERE’S AN ANALOGY TO SOME REPUBLICAN TRUMP
ANALOGY TO SOME REPUBLICAN TRUMP VOTERS.
VOTERS. THE PEOPLE WHO WENT TO TRUMP
THE PEOPLE WHO WENT TO TRUMP UNIVERSITY WERE HUGE TRUMP
UNIVERSITY WERE HUGE TRUMP BELIEVERS R. THEY PUT MONEY
BELIEVERS R. THEY PUT MONEY DOWN.
DOWN. SOME OF THEM CAME BACK AROUND TO
SOME OF THEM CAME BACK AROUND TO SAY AND REALIZE THEY WERE
SAY AND REALIZE THEY WERE CONNED.
CONNED. IS THERE ANY COROLLARY HERE?
IS THERE ANY COROLLARY HERE? >> THAT’S WHAT WAS SO SHOCKING
>> THAT’S WHAT WAS SO SHOCKING ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. THIS WAS A CON, EXECUTED AGAINST
THIS WAS A CON, EXECUTED AGAINST PRECISELY THE KIND OF VOTERS
PRECISELY THE KIND OF VOTERS TRUMP IS APPEALING TO, NOT SO
TRUMP IS APPEALING TO, NOT SO WELL EDUCATED, TRYING TO MAKE
WELL EDUCATED, TRYING TO MAKE THEIR WAY UP, GLAMOROUS GUY’S
THEIR WAY UP, GLAMOROUS GUY’S GOING TO HELP YOU FIND THE
GOING TO HELP YOU FIND THE SECRETS TO SUCCESS, TAKING YOUR
SECRETS TO SUCCESS, TAKING YOUR MONEY.
MONEY. HE DIDN’T PAY MUCH OF A PRICE
HE DIDN’T PAY MUCH OF A PRICE FOR IT.
FOR IT. I GUESS I WORRY THAT IF TRUMP --
I GUESS I WORRY THAT IF TRUMP -- WE’VE BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH NOW,
WE’VE BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH NOW, THAT TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE
THAT TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE INTERNALIZED -- THEY’LL THINK,
INTERNALIZED -- THEY’LL THINK, HEY, HE CONNED THEM ALL, GOOD
HEY, HE CONNED THEM ALL, GOOD FOR HIM, HE KEPT MONEY AWAY FROM
FOR HIM, HE KEPT MONEY AWAY FROM THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, HE TOOK
THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, HE TOOK MONEY AWAY FROM HIS RIVALS, HIS
MONEY AWAY FROM HIS RIVALS, HIS FATHER WAS A CONNING GUY TOO, WE
FATHER WAS A CONNING GUY TOO, WE NEED SOMEONE LIKE THAT AS
NEED SOMEONE LIKE THAT AS PRESIDENT, HE CAN CULT GOOD
PRESIDENT, HE CAN CULT GOOD DEALS WITH TRADE RIVALS, STAND
DEALS WITH TRADE RIVALS, STAND UP TO THE DEMOCRATS.
UP TO THE DEMOCRATS. I DO WORRY.
I DO WORRY. LOOK, FANTASTIC REPORTING AND
LOOK, FANTASTIC REPORTING AND IT’S KIND OF SHOCKING TO READ
IT’S KIND OF SHOCKING TO READ IT, BUT I DO WORRY IT WON’T HAVE
IT, BUT I DO WORRY IT WON’T HAVE AS MUCH POLITICAL EFFECT AS
AS MUCH POLITICAL EFFECT AS PEOPLE MIGHT HOPE.
PEOPLE MIGHT HOPE. >> I APPRECIATE THAT NOTE OF
>> I APPRECIATE THAT NOTE OF NIHILISM BEFORE I LET YOU GO.
NIHILISM BEFORE I LET YOU GO. JOHN HAR WAD, BILL CRASS TALL,
JOHN HAR WAD, BILL CRASS TALL, IN ALL SERIOUSNESS, THANK YOU.
IN ALL SERIOUSNESS, THANK YOU. >>> AS PROMISED TONY SCHWARTZ,
>>> AS PROMISED TONY SCHWARTZ, COAUTHOR OF "THE ART OF THE
COAUTHOR OF "THE ART OF THE DEAL," CEO OF THE ENERGY
DEAL," CEO OF THE ENERGY PROJECT, FRIEND OF "THE BEAT"
PROJECT, FRIEND OF "THE BEAT" WHO’S WEIGHED IN ON SOME OF
WHO’S WEIGHED IN ON SOME OF THESE STORIES.
THESE STORIES. YOUR SPIRIT TEASE AS SOMEONE
YOUR SPIRIT TEASE AS SOMEONE WHO’S BEEN AROUND DONALD TRUMP,
WHO’S BEEN AROUND DONALD TRUMP, SO CLOSELY, WHEN YOU LOOK AT A
SO CLOSELY, WHEN YOU LOOK AT A STORY OF THAT MAGNITUDE.
STORY OF THAT MAGNITUDE. WHAT DO YOU THINK?
WHAT DO YOU THINK? >> TWO THINGS.
>> TWO THINGS. ONE, SINCE 2016, I’VE FELT AND
ONE, SINCE 2016, I’VE FELT AND I’VE SAID ON YOUR SHOW THAT
I’VE SAID ON YOUR SHOW THAT THERE WILL COME A MOMENT WHERE
THERE WILL COME A MOMENT WHERE TAX FRAUD AND MONEY LAUNDERING
TAX FRAUD AND MONEY LAUNDERING WILL BE DONALD TRUMP’S BIGGEST
WILL BE DONALD TRUMP’S BIGGEST PROBLEM, EVEN BIGGER THAN
PROBLEM, EVEN BIGGER THAN COLLUSION AND CONSPIRACY.
COLLUSION AND CONSPIRACY. AND THAT HAS COME TRUE NOW.
AND THAT HAS COME TRUE NOW. THE SECOND THING IS THAT IT GOES
THE SECOND THING IS THAT IT GOES FAR BEYOND EVEN WHEN I THOUGHT
FAR BEYOND EVEN WHEN I THOUGHT HAD HAPPENED.
HAD HAPPENED. >> THIS IS WORSE TAN WHAT YOU
>> THIS IS WORSE TAN WHAT YOU KNEW TO BE THE CASE?
KNEW TO BE THE CASE? >> OH MY GOD, I KNEW IT WAS BAD,
>> OH MY GOD, I KNEW IT WAS BAD, BUT I DIDN’T BELIEVE -- THIS IS
BUT I DIDN’T BELIEVE -- THIS IS A MAN WHO TOOK HUNDREDS OF
A MAN WHO TOOK HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS OR
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS OR FRAUDULENTLY TOOK HUNDREDS OF
FRAUDULENTLY TOOK HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS, AND WHEN
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS, AND WHEN HIS FATHER WAS 85 AND NEAR
HIS FATHER WAS 85 AND NEAR SENILE, TRIED TO WRITE A CODICIL
SENILE, TRIED TO WRITE A CODICIL TO HIS WILL TO TAKE OVER
TO HIS WILL TO TAKE OVER COMPLETE CONTROL OF HIS EMPIRE.
COMPLETE CONTROL OF HIS EMPIRE. WHY?
WHY? BECAUSE FRED TRUMP WAS IN THE
BECAUSE FRED TRUMP WAS IN THE BUSINESS OF MAKING MONEY, AND
BUSINESS OF MAKING MONEY, AND DONALD TRUMP WAS IN THE BUSINESS
DONALD TRUMP WAS IN THE BUSINESS OF LOSING MONEY.
OF LOSING MONEY. AND HE LOST MONEY OF FRED’S.
AND HE LOST MONEY OF FRED’S. THROUGHOUT HIS CAREER.
THROUGHOUT HIS CAREER. IT’S LIKE THE COVER HAS BEEN
IT’S LIKE THE COVER HAS BEEN RIPPED OFF THIS MAN.
RIPPED OFF THIS MAN. WHATEVER MYTH THERE WAS, AS YOU
WHATEVER MYTH THERE WAS, AS YOU SAID EARLIER, THAT HE WAS A
SAID EARLIER, THAT HE WAS A SELF-MADE MAN, OR THAT HE WAS
SELF-MADE MAN, OR THAT HE WAS EVEN A LEGITIMATE BUSINESSMAN,
EVEN A LEGITIMATE BUSINESSMAN, IS GONE FOREVER.
IS GONE FOREVER. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. THAT’S A MYTHOLOGY THAT IS
THAT’S A MYTHOLOGY THAT IS IMPORTANT TO HIS PUBLIC PROFILE,
IMPORTANT TO HIS PUBLIC PROFILE, BUT ALSO GOES TO WHO HE IS AS
BUT ALSO GOES TO WHO HE IS AS SOMEONE IN HIS FATHER’S SHADOW.
SOMEONE IN HIS FATHER’S SHADOW. I SHOULD SAY, AS HE PUT IT OR
I SHOULD SAY, AS HE PUT IT OR YOU PUT IT, ONE NEVER KNOWS WHEN
YOU PUT IT, ONE NEVER KNOWS WHEN IT COMES TO THE BOOK BUT I’LL
IT COMES TO THE BOOK BUT I’LL READ FROM IT.
READ FROM IT. "I ALSO REALIZE IF I EVER WANTED
"I ALSO REALIZE IF I EVER WANTED TO BE KNOWN AS MORE THAN FRED
TO BE KNOWN AS MORE THAN FRED TRUMP’S SON I WAS EVENTUALLY
TRUMP’S SON I WAS EVENTUALLY GOING TO HAVE TO GO OUT AND MAKE
GOING TO HAVE TO GO OUT AND MAKE MY OWN MARK."
MY OWN MARK." THAT’S FROM "THE ART OF THE
THAT’S FROM "THE ART OF THE DEAL."
DEAL." HOW IMPORTANT WAS THAT INTERPLAY
HOW IMPORTANT WAS THAT INTERPLAY THAT EVEN BEFORE THERE WERE
THAT EVEN BEFORE THERE WERE OTHER POTENTIAL BENEFITS TO
OTHER POTENTIAL BENEFITS TO EXAGGERATING HIS OWN ROLE IN
EXAGGERATING HIS OWN ROLE IN THIS, HE ALWAYS DID YOU FIND
THIS, HE ALWAYS DID YOU FIND FELT HE NEEDED TO AVOID
FELT HE NEEDED TO AVOID CREDITING HIS FATHER FOR WHAT
CREDITING HIS FATHER FOR WHAT THE "TIMES" SAYS TONIGHT WAS
THE "TIMES" SAYS TONIGHT WAS BASICALLY A BILLION TO HIM?
BASICALLY A BILLION TO HIM? >> HAVE FELT AND SAID FOREVER,
>> HAVE FELT AND SAID FOREVER, AS LONG AS I’VE KNOWN TRUMP,
AS LONG AS I’VE KNOWN TRUMP, WHICH IS MORE THAN 30 YEARS,
WHICH IS MORE THAN 30 YEARS, THAT THIS IS A MAN WHO AS BLACK
THAT THIS IS A MAN WHO AS BLACK HOLE.
HOLE. WHO IS A BLACK HOLE, AND FEELS
WHO IS A BLACK HOLE, AND FEELS IN EVERY MOMENT LIKE A FRAUD.
IN EVERY MOMENT LIKE A FRAUD. WHAT COMES OUT TONIGHT IS HE HAD
WHAT COMES OUT TONIGHT IS HE HAD GOOD REASON TO FEEL LIKE HE WAS
GOOD REASON TO FEEL LIKE HE WAS A FRAUD.
A FRAUD. HE WAS A FRAUD.
HE WAS A FRAUD. AND HE WAS COMMITTING FRAUD,
AND HE WAS COMMITTING FRAUD, FRAUDULENT -- HE WAS BEING
FRAUDULENT -- HE WAS BEING FRAUDULENT.
FRAUDULENT. AND HERE IT IS IN LIVING COLOR.
AND HERE IT IS IN LIVING COLOR. OR IN BLACK AND WHITE, SINCE
OR IN BLACK AND WHITE, SINCE IT’S IN THE "NEW YORK TIMES," A
IT’S IN THE "NEW YORK TIMES," A BRILLIANT PIECE OF REPORTING.
BRILLIANT PIECE OF REPORTING. I THINK DONALD TRUMP SITTING IN
I THINK DONALD TRUMP SITTING IN THE WHITE HOUSE TONIGHT IS
THE WHITE HOUSE TONIGHT IS PROBABLY FEELING MORE ENRAGED BY
PROBABLY FEELING MORE ENRAGED BY THIS THAN BY VIRTUALLY ANYTHING
THIS THAN BY VIRTUALLY ANYTHING THAT EVER HAPPENED TO HIM.
THAT EVER HAPPENED TO HIM. >> YOU MENTIONED THAT IN THE
>> YOU MENTIONED THAT IN THE ARTICLE.
ARTICLE. IT SAYS FROM "THE TIMES," THE
IT SAYS FROM "THE TIMES," THE PRESIDENT DECLINED REPEATED
PRESIDENT DECLINED REPEATED REQUESTS OVER SEVERAL WEEKS TO
REQUESTS OVER SEVERAL WEEKS TO ADDRESS ANYTHING IN THIS
ADDRESS ANYTHING IN THIS ARTICLE.
ARTICLE. THIS IS AN EXHAUSTIVE PIECE.
THIS IS AN EXHAUSTIVE PIECE. I WANT TO PLAY DONALD TRUMP
I WANT TO PLAY DONALD TRUMP TALKING ABOUT HOW SELF-MADE HE’S
TALKING ABOUT HOW SELF-MADE HE’S ALWAYS BEEN, TAKE A LOOK.
ALWAYS BEEN, TAKE A LOOK. >> YOU SEE, I BUILT WHAT I BUILT
>> YOU SEE, I BUILT WHAT I BUILT MYSELF.
MYSELF. AND I DID IT BY WORKING LONG
AND I DID IT BY WORKING LONG HOURS AND WORKING HARD AND
HOURS AND WORKING HARD AND WORKING SMART.
WORKING SMART. MORE IMPORTANTLY THAN ANYTHING
MORE IMPORTANTLY THAN ANYTHING ELSE IS BY USING MY OWN BRAIN.
ELSE IS BY USING MY OWN BRAIN. >> THIS IS A MAN WHO INVENTED
>> THIS IS A MAN WHO INVENTED HIMSELF.
HIMSELF. THAT’S HIS CLAIM TO FAME.
THAT’S HIS CLAIM TO FAME. HE LITERALLY INVENTED IT FROM
HE LITERALLY INVENTED IT FROM WHOLE CLOTH.
WHOLE CLOTH. THERE’S NOTHING ABOUT HIM THAT
THERE’S NOTHING ABOUT HIM THAT IS REAL.
IS REAL. NOW WE REALLY SEE THAT.
NOW WE REALLY SEE THAT. AND IT’S EXTRAORDINARY.
AND IT’S EXTRAORDINARY. I DON’T AGREE WITH BILL KRISTOL,
I DON’T AGREE WITH BILL KRISTOL, I THINK THIS IS GOING TO HAVE A
I THINK THIS IS GOING TO HAVE A VERY SIGNIFICANT, LONG TRAIL.
VERY SIGNIFICANT, LONG TRAIL. NO ONE WANTS TO SAY ANYMORE THAT
NO ONE WANTS TO SAY ANYMORE THAT TRUMP HAS FINALLY BEEN CAUGHT,
TRUMP HAS FINALLY BEEN CAUGHT, THAT THE TEFLON HAS FINALLY BEEN
THAT THE TEFLON HAS FINALLY BEEN SCRATCHED.
SCRATCHED. BUT I HAVE TO SAY THE IDEA OF
BUT I HAVE TO SAY THE IDEA OF WHO DONALD TRUMP WAS THAT
WHO DONALD TRUMP WAS THAT EXISTED UNTIL TODAY IS GONE
EXISTED UNTIL TODAY IS GONE FOREVER.
FOREVER. >> I THINK THAT’S SIGNIFICANT.
>> I THINK THAT’S SIGNIFICANT. I THINK A PIECE OF THIS DETAIL
I THINK A PIECE OF THIS DETAIL AND DEPTH WHICH EVERYONE IS
AND DEPTH WHICH EVERYONE IS STILL GOING TO CONTINUE TO
STILL GOING TO CONTINUE TO DIGEST OVER THE NIGHT AND COMING
DIGEST OVER THE NIGHT AND COMING DAYS REALLY GOES TO THE HEART OF
DAYS REALLY GOES TO THE HEART OF NOT ONLY WHERE HE CAME FROM, BUT
NOT ONLY WHERE HE CAME FROM, BUT WHERE IS HE TODAY?
WHERE IS HE TODAY? AND IS HE MORE IN DEBT THAN HE
AND IS HE MORE IN DEBT THAN HE ACKNOWLEDGES?
ACKNOWLEDGES? IS THAT PART OF WHY THE TAXES
IS THAT PART OF WHY THE TAXES AREN’T THERE?
AREN’T THERE? AGAIN, THIS IS NOT ABOUT BEATING
AGAIN, THIS IS NOT ABOUT BEATING UP ON FAMILY MEMBERS WHO ARE
UP ON FAMILY MEMBERS WHO ARE DECEASED OR ANYTHING OF THAT
DECEASED OR ANYTHING OF THAT NATURE.
NATURE. IT IS ABOUT THE MYSTERY AND WHAT
IT IS ABOUT THE MYSTERY AND WHAT THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTS IS
THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORTS IS THE FRAUD AT THE HEART OF A
THE FRAUD AT THE HEART OF A FINANCIAL EMPIRE THAT IS
FINANCIAL EMPIRE THAT IS COEXISTING WITH A PRESIDENCY